ChibiOS: add SparkNavi Blue board support (APJ_BOARD_ID 1362) (#32337)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/sparknavi-blue/README.md

For CRSF/ELRS, SRXL2, and bidirectional FPort with telemetry, a full UART such as SERIAL2 (USART3/TELEM2) must be used. Below are setups using SERIAL2.

- :ref:`SERIAL2_PROTOCOL<SERIAL2_PROTOCOL>` should be set to "23".
- FPort would require :ref:`SERIAL2_OPTIONS<SERIAL2_OPTIONS>` be set to "15".
- CRSF/ELRS would require :ref:`SERIAL2_OPTIONS<SERIAL2_OPTIONS>` be set to "0".
- SRXL2 would require :ref:`SERIAL2_OPTIONS<SERIAL2_OPTIONS>` be set to "4" and connects only the TX pin.

Any UART can be used for RC system connections in ArduPilot also, and is compatible with all protocols except PPM. See :ref:`common-rc-systems` for details.

## PWM Outputs

The SparkNavi Blue supports up to 14 PWM outputs.

First 8 outputs (labelled PWM 1 to PWM 8) are controlled by a dedicated STM32F103 IO controller. The remaining 6 outputs (labelled AUX 1 to AUX 6) are the "auxiliary" outputs. These are directly attached to the STM32H743 FMU controller.

> All 14 outputs support normal PWM output formats. All outputs support DShot via IOMCU DShot firmware. Outputs 9, 11, and 13 (AUX 1, AUX 3, AUX 5) support Bi-Directional DShot.

Reviewer: if I am correct and @andyp1per agrees, we should add BIDIR label to AUX6 and include in the below change
```suggestion
All 14 outputs support normal PWM and DShot output formats. PWM Outputs AUX 1 to AUX 5 support Bi-Directional DShot.
```

The 8 IO PWM outputs are in 3 groups:

- Outputs 1 and 2 in group1
- Outputs 3 and 4 in group2
- Outputs 5, 6, 7 and 8 in group3

The 6 FMU PWM outputs are in 3 groups:

> - Outputs 9, 10, 11 and 12 in group1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AUX OUT 1  - AUX OUT4  in group1
```
